Add serverless mapping rules (#675)
Health-Informatics-UoN/CaRROT-Mapper: changelog.md

### Improvements
- Added a `shared` library for the database models, enabling both the Django and Azure Functions to directly access the database.

> - Created new Azure Function MappingRules, which generates the reusable rules for a Scan Report table, when the CreateConcepts has finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Created new Azure Function MappingRules, which generates the mapping rules (from reuse or from vocabularies) for a Scan Report table, when the CreateConcepts has finished.
```
